today it was a a nun presidential day
even by our very unpresidential
standards you know last night I
complimented the president I commended
him for not throwing a tantrum after 16
year-old Greta Toon Berg was named
Person of the Year by Time magazine and
we all know he wanted to be person the
year we all knew it bothered him but he
showed uncharacteristic restraint he did
not tweet or hold the press conference a
punch a little fist hole-in-the-wall he
was a good behavior sadly that good
behavior at last at just under 24 hours
because this morning at 7:22 a.m. he
wrote so ridiculous
Greta must work on her anger management
problem then go to a good old-fashioned
movie with a friend chill Greenwich
chill says the sweaty old man who's mad
at a magazine because they didn't put
him on the cover of it and the fact that
Greta - Berg is a teenager makes this
especially and say I'm old enough to
remember a time when everyone at the
White House had a full-blown hissy fit
because a witness at Trump's impeachment
hearing had the gall to say the word
Baron in a completely benign fashion
that time was last Tuesday by the way
but I I guess things have changed of
course the first lady did not tweet
about this actual attack on a child but
this kid Greta is very good right after
Trump tweeted she changed her Twitter
bio to a teenager working on her anger
management problem currently chilling
and watching a good old-fashioned
Trump hasn't been roasted that
thoroughly since the last time he locked
himself in his tanning bed and van team
Trump flex their comedy muscles this is
from the official Trump war room account
managed by his campaign they
photoshopped his head on
Greta's potty which should not be the
first time Donald Trump has imagined
himself on top of a young woman's body
blades the idea that orange Hulk would
accuse anyone else of having an anger
problem well for more on that let's go
to the tape what a stupid question that
is what a stupid question
but I watched you a lot you ask a lot of
stupid question
quiet excuse me sit down you weren't
called sit down sit down sit down
go back to Univision all why I'm quiet
quiet
like to punch him in the face I'll tell
you knock the crap out of would you
seriously the Zen master no one has ever
been less self-aware than this man and
aside from the obvious vomitus 'no sub
that rotting yeah mocking a child with
Aspergers again because she's more
popular than he is this tweet he posted
has the potential to get very
interesting so okay so the tweet Trump
was responding to when he wrote this was
written by Roma Downey the actress who
was congratulating Greta Trump
apparently didn't like that and branded
it ridiculous which is a dangerous thing
to do because Roma Downey is married to
Mark Burnett and Mark Burnett if you
don't know was the producer of The
Apprentice now so far we haven't seen
any of the raw footage from that show
but if Trump starts a war with Burnett's
wife Mark Burnett could accidentally let
that footage get out and then we'll get
all the unedited video of who the hell
knows what Trump crushing sudafed and
snorting it off of conference
maybe punching his son Don jr. in the
face pulling his penis out enforcing
meatloaf to say how fat it is all that
footage gets released and maybe that
could be how Greta tuna burg saves the
world I should point out Greta was not
the only target of the president's thumb
war today he had a banner day he tweeted
and/or retweeted 91 times before noon
today I know to me if you knew anything
91 times before noon you belong in a
mental institution
they called it a tweet storm but it's
really that doesn't capture it's of it
we should come up with a new term for
when he does this like a like a Don soon
or a live foon or a Twitty test or
something like that we can do better
than tweed storm this by the way was the
president's official schedule for the
day he gave brief speech at 11:15 he had
an intelligence briefing at noon and
then a party at 7:00 o'clock tonight
people in assisted living facilities do
more than this
[Applause]
trying to remove a man from office who
is never in his office that party
tonight is by the way the White House
Congressional ball it's him with members
of Congress great timing on that last
night Trump presided over the annual
White House Hanukkah celebration and
what a love fest that was Melania in
particular really ate it up we're
thrilled thank you I love you too thank
you and I love you vodka and I love
Jared and I love our first lady we just
witnessed the moment that the remainder
of Melania soul exited her body Trump
also gave a shout out to one of his
favorite toys right-wing radio host Mark
Levin who took a really a lot of time to
get to the podium where are you I saw
him
is that mark come on mark get your way
out make a path
like we used to say in the military make
a path make it right yeah like I used to
like we used to say in the military I
wasn't in hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back
this holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that you are a box